README.md, before:

# Hypergraph Desktop <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hypergraph-xyz/design/main/hypergraph-logomark-1024-square.png" align="right" height="64" />

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->

[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-8-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

![commits since latest release](https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/latest?style=flat-square)

![](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/total?color=01A38A&style=flat-square)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/latest/total?color=%23574cfa&style=flat-square)

Hypergraph is a tool for publishing research step by step, built upon the [p2pcommons](https://p2pcommons.com), a distributed information layer.

<img src="/docs/screenshots/screenshot-content.png" align="right" height="300" />

With Hypergraph, we aim to reinvent the publication process in a way that empowers researchers to do better science. Science that is transparent, accessible to everyone and free from publication bias, time-consuming bureaucracy and centralized control.

Right now, Hypergraph is in active development. [Hypergraph (Beta) was released on Oct 1, 2020](https://blog.libscie.org/introducing-hypergraph-beta/).

## Installation

To install Hypergraph, please [download the most recent release](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/releases).

To develop and test Hypergraph, please build from source. This will automatically enter development mode for the application, which is separate from the production environment from the packaged installs/releases. You can build from source by running the following commands:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop
cd desktop
npm install
npm start
```

## Releasing

```bash
$ npm run release
$ # save the draft and wait for the commit builds to complete
$ # hit publish draft once done
```

## Glossary

If you're interested in learning more about our terminology, the [Hypergraph glossary](https://www.notion.so/Glossary-d4bdf18fb4624c049c7a2663559ef5ad) explains many of the terms we use across Hypergraph products and documentation.

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://twitter.com/juliangruber/"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/10247?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Julian Gruber</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/commits?author=juliangruber" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/commits?author=juliangruber" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#ideas-juliangruber" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#maintenance-juliangruber" title="Maintenance">🚧</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://sobrakseaton.com"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/28573875?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Patch Sobrak-Seaton</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#design-psobrakseaton" title="Design">🎨</a> <a href="#a11y-psobrakseaton" title="Accessibility">️️️️♿️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/jameslibscie"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/59870484?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>James Lomas</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#projectManagement-jameslibscie" title="Project Management">📆</a> <a href="#ideas-jameslibscie" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/issues?q=author%3Ajameslibscie" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="#userTesting-jameslibscie" title="User Testing">📓</a> <a href="#content-jameslibscie" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/commits?author=jameslibscie" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/gabriel-basilio-brito"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/8752823?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Gabriel Basilio Brito</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#infra-GabrielBB" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://chjh.nl"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/2946344?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Chris Hartgerink</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#ideas-chartgerink" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/issues?q=author%3Achartgerink" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="#userTesting-chartgerink" title="User Testing">📓</a> <a href="#maintenance-chartgerink" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/commits?author=chartgerink" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#financial-chartgerink" title="Financial">💵</a> <a href="#business-chartgerink" title="Business development">💼</a> <a href="#fundingFinding-chartgerink" title="Funding Finding">🔍</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://dpaez.github.io/"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/837500?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Diego</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/commits?author=dpaez" title="Code">💻</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://naoyukisunami.com"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/17035406?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Nami Sunami</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#ideas-nsunami" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/wolass"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/2356167?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Wojciech Francuzik</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/commits?author=wolass" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome! See also our [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

Add house rules to README (#409)
* Add house rules to README

* Refine language a bit

* Add emdash

README.md, after:

# Hypergraph Desktop <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hypergraph-xyz/design/main/hypergraph-logomark-1024-square.png" align="right" height="64" />

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->

[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-8-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

![commits since latest release](https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/latest?style=flat-square)

![](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/total?color=01A38A&style=flat-square)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/latest/total?color=%23574cfa&style=flat-square)

Hypergraph is a tool for publishing research step by step, built upon the [p2pcommons](https://p2pcommons.com), a distributed information layer.

## House rules

You're welcome to our house in good faith – read our [code of conduct](https://www.notion.so/libscie/Code-of-Conduct-580ab64832a2478fad7d9dfad9d3da15) for the house rules applicable to all contributions. 

These house rules exist to grow a community that respects personal boundaries, differences, and recognizes privilege. Please make the effort to listen when somebody makes the effort to provide you with feedback, also when it is difficult to hear or understand. Good intent does not excuse behavior in violation of these house rules ([read more about why here](https://thebias.com/2017/09/26/how-good-intent-undermines-diversity-and-inclusion/)). 

Our house may be different from yours, and if you find any of this unagreeable, that's perfectly okay, and we ask you respectfully to not contribute. 

## About

<img src="/docs/screenshots/screenshot-content.png" align="right" height="300" />

With Hypergraph, we aim to reinvent the publication process in a way that empowers researchers to do better science. Science that is transparent, accessible to everyone and free from publication bias, time-consuming bureaucracy and centralized control.

Right now, Hypergraph is in active development. [Hypergraph (Beta) was released on Oct 1, 2020](https://blog.libscie.org/introducing-hypergraph-beta/).

## Installation

To install Hypergraph, please [download the most recent release](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/releases).

To develop and test Hypergraph, please build from source. This will automatically enter development mode for the application, which is separate from the production environment from the packaged installs/releases. You can build from source by running the following commands:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop
cd desktop
npm install
npm start
```

## Releasing

```bash
$ npm run release
$ # save the draft and wait for the commit builds to complete
$ # hit publish draft once done
```

## Glossary

If you're interested in learning more about our terminology, the [Hypergraph glossary](https://www.notion.so/Glossary-d4bdf18fb4624c049c7a2663559ef5ad) explains many of the terms we use across Hypergraph products and documentation.

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://twitter.com/juliangruber/"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/10247?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Julian Gruber</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/commits?author=juliangruber" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/commits?author=juliangruber" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#ideas-juliangruber" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#maintenance-juliangruber" title="Maintenance">🚧</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://sobrakseaton.com"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/28573875?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Patch Sobrak-Seaton</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#design-psobrakseaton" title="Design">🎨</a> <a href="#a11y-psobrakseaton" title="Accessibility">️️️️♿️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/jameslibscie"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/59870484?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>James Lomas</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#projectManagement-jameslibscie" title="Project Management">📆</a> <a href="#ideas-jameslibscie" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/issues?q=author%3Ajameslibscie" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="#userTesting-jameslibscie" title="User Testing">📓</a> <a href="#content-jameslibscie" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/commits?author=jameslibscie" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/gabriel-basilio-brito"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/8752823?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Gabriel Basilio Brito</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#infra-GabrielBB" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://chjh.nl"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/2946344?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Chris Hartgerink</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#ideas-chartgerink" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/issues?q=author%3Achartgerink" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="#userTesting-chartgerink" title="User Testing">📓</a> <a href="#maintenance-chartgerink" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/commits?author=chartgerink" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#financial-chartgerink" title="Financial">💵</a> <a href="#business-chartgerink" title="Business development">💼</a> <a href="#fundingFinding-chartgerink" title="Funding Finding">🔍</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://dpaez.github.io/"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/837500?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Diego</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/commits?author=dpaez" title="Code">💻</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://naoyukisunami.com"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/17035406?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Nami Sunami</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#ideas-nsunami" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/wolass"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/2356167?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Wojciech Francuzik</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/commits?author=wolass" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome! See also our [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).
